# Frontier

## 001

### A

You have clearly made lots of progress as I can see in you kanban-style notion list! I am genuinely impressed by your progress, and also think that there is a large potential need for health technology to improve organizations' health standards as a whole. I think you have the right idea on track, so I am looking forward to the prototype of the product as a MVP, or maybe a closed beta!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS IDEA. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. VCs have to be democratized & diversified, it really reflects the current nature of division and inequality of the world at this current moment. I wonder what can you provide towards top-tier VC firms though, since I assume they are not short on talent. I wonder if opting for a full-remote online democratized VC fund is possible.

## 002

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress, and how you are first going towards a rather niche market. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I wonder what advantages you have towards other video-building SaaS in this niche field of video/photo editing for tourism operators. Otherwise, the product looks awesome, and good luck!

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I've looked at your landing page, and it conveys a very important message, though I couldn't see any mentions of the reusable sanitary napkin. Maybe providing a product overview will be great!

## 003

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. Keep working on brushing up the idea, I am rooting for you! It is common to create a MVP (minimum viable product) to validate the idea. It may be a good idea for you to start on a simple landing page! Use a simple website builder to market your main idea for the product, and try to leave a positive feeling for users visiting your site!

### B

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. So minimalistic and professional. Also, I completely agree with the mission and vision behind the product. Obviously, there's a lot of potential for education/services to guide people to make better decisions in 2020. This product could really could change the lives of many people all over the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product!

## 004

### A

You have clearly made lots of progress! I love your website, full of slick visualizations and realtime data. I also admire the fact that you have a certain amount of traction with a decent traction in MRR. I also loved that you targeted a specific domain relating to my current location in Japan. I though I would love it more if you could integrate with slack to receive insights every morning.

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I genuinely admire your progress. I remember you've been at the top of the pioneer leaderboard, which is awesome! Regarding the product itself though, I could not see myself opting in for the product. The pricing is on par with essential services like spotify. I thought creating a better Medium to support individuals sounds like a more viable option!

## 005

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive market potential. I like your progress. Is it possible for you to build the application through no-code initially, or is actual coding necessary to build customized and rather advanced features. I wish there was a "How this works" section to improve transparency behind the product. But otherwise, there's so much potential in 2020 for this no-code dapps! Good luck on the product!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a walk-through to demonstrate the capabilities of the product.

## 006

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS IDEA. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. There is no doubt that there is a lot more room for AI to aid healthcare. I love how you've organized the landing page to showcase your idea behind the product. With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How this works" section to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't access your site through the provided domain, so make sure to check on it!

## 007

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. There is no doubt that there is a lot more room for AI to aid and accelerate the current standards of healthcare. I love how you've organized the landing page to showcase your idea behind the product. With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How it works" section to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS IDEA. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I sincerely admire your work and progress. There is no doubt that the current wifi market is completely outdated and rigged. Your product could be a game-changer, in the sense that you will be able to provide high-speed, internet to people all around the world. Good luck on the product, I wish to hear good news!

## 008

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach through Figma in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't find a domain on your progress, so looking forwad to it! Good luck!

### B

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. So minimalistic and professional. Also, I completely agree with the mission and vision behind the product. Obviously, there's a lot of potential for microfinancing to help people all around the world. The onboarding and simplicity of the product could really instantly spread to people all around the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product!

## 009

### A

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. I am confident that there is a lot of demand for lambda school like ISA driven business models to change the lives of many people through programming! With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics and data to aid the landing page, and also a "Why we started" section to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

You have clearly made lots of progress! I love your website, built with gatsby and netlify. I also admire the fact that you have already publish the app out in app stores, and I assume you are already generating revenue. I wonder you could expand in to other countries as well, having this in Japan will be very much appreciated! (or is this a lot of work to do on your part) Good luck on the business!

## 010

### A

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. I assume that the songwriting process is still outdated in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly distributed services tailored for professionals or individuals. I wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How it works" video to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't access your site through the provided domain, so make sure to check on it!
