# Frontier

## 001

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I also love how you've progressed so much on the product, I really admire your work. Regarding design philosophy, though I felt there could be some changes. I felt like too much information was clogged up in the landing page. Maybe simplifying the page would be more attractive towards marketing beginners like myself. Otherwise, good luck!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I've spent countless hours of time trying to optimize the MLOps side of matters for the dedicated to developing a recommendation engine model at my internship. Deploying a model, serverless with a line of code would be a game changer! The only thing I would ask for is how it would integrate into CI/CD flows.

## 002

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the product. Launching an actual app in the android play store is awesome! I admire your progress. With that being said, I wish the landing page was more professional-looking, since I felt that it lacked thought in certain areas.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a walk-through to demonstrate the capabilities of the product.

## 003

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive market potential. I like your progress. I wish there was a one-click deployment configuration that I could put on my github README. That would not only lead to a lot of traction, that would serve as a viral free marketing on how well the product fairs in deploying real-world apps with your platform! But otherwise, there's so much potential in 2020 for your business!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. The verification system on the internet is still broken in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly verified APIs tailored for businesses. I wish there was a section that explained the anatomy of the technology that your business has advantage over the competition. Otherwise, great product!

## 004

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I love you've put out links of actual videos made with your product. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! Good luck so that you can improve upon the product and keep on making it better!

## 005

### A

Great work so far! You have a good product with a lot of potential value. I love the overall design and aesthetics of the crypto product, and the website looks really good. I wonder the actual results of your customers look like. If there was a testimonials section on you landing page, your product would be very attractive to even non-cryto savvy people like me. Otherwise, good luck on the business!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I've spent countless hours of time trying to optimize the MLOps side of matters for the dedicated to developing a recommendation engine model at my internship. Deploying a model, serverless with a line of code would be a game changer! The only thing I would ask for is how it would integrate into CI/CD flows.

## 006

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. The verification system on the internet is still broken in 2020 (I guess the same even more so in Africa), and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly verified APIs tailored for businesses. I wish there was a section that explained the anatomy of the technology that your business has advantage over the competition.

### B

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. So minimalistic and professional. Also, I completely support your mission and vision behind the product. Obviously, there's a lot of potential for education/services to guide babies to receive better educations in 2020, even more so with the outbreak ouf corona. This product could really could change the lives of many people all over the world, which is SO AWESOME!

## 007

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish the landing page was a little more simplified, and remove unnecessary parts.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more proactive approach towards validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish there was a screen recording of your product somewhere in the landing page, though.

## 008

### A

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. It looks so professional. Also, I completely agree with the mission and vision behind the product. The fact that you provide actual data with your product makes it very compelling. Obviously, there's a lot of potential for solving autism. If your product succeeds, it could really change the lives of many people all around the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product!

### B

Is there a github integration? If there was, please put in on the website! As a devops enthusiast, I would love to try out the product for you! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics for more eye-candy on your page.
