# Frontier

## 001

### A

Great work so far! Congratulations on the contract! I admire your level of execution, really have to learn from you. I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I thought the landing page was too clogged up with images, and lacked a clear and concise design. Parallax images on the background are awesome, don't get me wrong, but I thought there were better options suited for branding your website!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Great progress. What you are is awesome, and it would be really the future of cooking and cuisine. Though I thought that your landing page lacked information regarding the actual product that is the food itself. Maybe providing more information behind the chefs that will serve the meals would provide to be more convincing for the customers.

## 002

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't access your site through the provided domain, so make sure to check on it!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential and market. Video editing is seriously too labor-intensive in 2020, and I love how you are going towards a niche market. I thought a subscription pricing model with a fixed video limit will be more effective, as you will get to retain your core users. Otherwise, the branding and design of the product is fantastic, good luck on the product!

## 003

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive market potential. I like your progress. This is amazing, I think there is really a large potential market for the product! I wish there were more information regarding how you could provide the most secure proof in the market though. Perhaps PGP encryption integrated with another technology will be more compelling as a product. But otherwise, good luck!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Your website looks great, and if not for the current times regarding the corona virus, I would've loved to use your product. Are you considering pivoting the business towards other directions in order to cope with the corona virus? I wish you the best, and I would like to certainly use your product if I get a chance to visit the continent!

## 004

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. It's a common experience among students that we would have to share our subscriptions with one another, only to result in one person spending all of it. Most definitely, there is a huge need for the product. Not to be so harsh though, I wonder the legal viability of the product since it may be sued from the subscription giants.

### B

Great work so far! You have a good product with a lot of potential value. I love the overall design and aesthetics of the product, although I think there is a need to tune your loading speed of the website, since it was very slow. I completely love the idea of the product, and I personally would love that you are doing your part in supporting individual artists. Otherwise, good luck on the business!

## 005

### A

Great work so far! You have a good product with a lot of potential value. I love the overall design and aesthetics of the landing page, your website along with the mockup of the app feels very intuitive. I wonder what the business model of the project is though. Isn't it too late in 2020 to start a niche community-based social network? I would love to hear your thoughts on this, otherwise good luck on the product!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a landing page for the product.

## 006

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish the landing page was a little more simplified, and remove unnecessary parts.

### B

HERE WE GO, AN OPEN-SOURCE PROJECT ON PIONEER! I immediately starred the repo, seriously great work so far! I really admire your work. To answer your question, I first look at the README. Then I look at the community behind it (stars, downloads on npm, etc...) Regarding your product, to be honest, I could not see the value learning a new language just for constructing a data pipeline lambda function, though.

## 007

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more proactive approach towards validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish there was a screen recording of your product somewhere in the landing page, though.

### B

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. It is so unique. Also, I completely am compelled with the mission and vision behind the product. The fact that you have a podcast along with your product makes it very compelling. I personally listen to podcasts all the time, and it really helps to nurture loyalty towards the specific brand or person. A pioneer-like approach to the accelerator with leaderboards could be fun too.

## 008

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish the landing page was a little more simplified, and remove unnecessary parts.

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I really love your overall unique design philosophy of the product, seriously slick. Obviously, there is a large need for remote virtual workspaces. Most definitely, there is a huge need for the product. Not to be so harsh though, I wish there was a screen recording of your product somewhere in the landing page, though.

## 009

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't find a provided site, so perhaps making it will be nice!

### B

WOW. MIND BLOWN. THIS IS SERIOUSLY AMAZING. Please onboard me when the product is ready. I assume you are part of the terminal pioneer challenge, and I am pretty confident that you are about to win it. The level of execution to build this over a weekend is seriously amazing. Can't wait to see what you will get to do if you had the time to develop it over a period of couple of months! Good luck on the product!

## 010

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there were more information regarding the POC of the product.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I wonder how you are planning to monetize in you business model, perhaps a subscription model for providing information? I figure providing more information regarding how your information is valuable will be very convincing!
