# Frontier

## 001

### A

I love the idea. Also, I really respect your level of execution on the product - truly fantastic. With that being said, I remember seeing other startups with the same idea of hosting online events. What are the main advantages you have over the other competitors in this context. As Peter Thiel saids, competition is for losers. The same goes for my product as well, so please take it with a grain of salt. Good luck!

### B

Great idea! I would love to have the app. Currently I am competing with my close friends and sharing advices and outputs of the day among each other through a chat messenger application. If we could have a dedicated app that could quantitatively solve this issue, it would truly be a game changer. With that being said, I hope there will be more features that was referred to on the landing page though, Good luck!

## 002

### A

I LOVE THE IDEA. There is a LOT more potential for products to derive from the awesome Twitter platform. I could see your product booming in the near future. With that being said, I think there is a need for consideration whether people want to seek relationships through the Twitter platform though, these days it is becoming more of a real named based social network, so it might not be the best fit. Good luck though!

### B

OMG! Hello, my name is Shun Kakinoki currently a senior in the law department of Keio university! It’s the first time other than Mr. Yamada from remotehour that I’ve met a Japanese founder on Pioneer! I can’t believe that we have the same surname and university too. Also, what an amazing background! I want to have a chat with you, if your interested, please contact me on the Twitter.

## 003

### A

I LOVE THE PRODUCT. I love the work you are doing for emerging black artists and the world. Your work is making a HUGE difference in the world, whether people say it or not. Thank you for being part of the pioneer community and wish you the best on the product. With that being said, I thought you could refine parts of the landing page so that it would look more professional and beautiful. Good luck on the product!

### B

I love the idea of being able to share relevant that could easily be buried and never to be relevant in job interviews. However, I could not see paying for hosting a simple portfolio site, when a rather intermediate level engineer could host it for free on GitHub pages. I think you should focus on helping engineers effectively portray their skills to potential employers, through a dedicated platform. Good luck!

## 004

### A

THIS IS SUCH A GREAT IDEA. Thanks for being part of pioneer it is such a joy to see your progress. Founder’s fund! Wow! I’ve seen your updated landing page and looked at your estimated pricing. I thought I wouldn’t be able to make much so perhaps targeting gamers specifically as your first niche may be a great tactic. They probably would have lots of computing power which would make sense financially. Good luck!

### B

Great execution. I’ve been following your progress for a while, thanks for being part of pioneer. I think I’m asking the same question again, but fo you have plans for expanding outside of Brazil? Being able to use the app in Japan would be very amazing. Perhaps proving an English version would enable you to reach far more users in the biggest market available globally. Good luck on the product, I’m rooting for you!

## 005

### A

This is such an awesome product. Great execution, I really admire your work. Regarding the product itself, I was wondering how you guys will beat out the competition since I’ve recalled seeing providers that provide a seamless and password less authentication services like yours. Otherwise, I really respect and love your work and it’s really a joy being able to see your progress week to week. Good luck on the product

### B

ONCE AGAIN, this is such an awesome product. The landing page is very beautiful and I can recall that this is one of the very BEST products I’ve encountered on pioneer. I think I gave a similar kind of feedback to you before but an option for being able to have a subscription plan for generating videos will be VERY compelling. Otherwise, great work and I only have respect for you. Good luck on the product!
