# Frontier

## 001

### A

This is such an awesome product. Great execution, I really admire your work. Regarding the product itself, I was wondering how you were going to onboard users, particularly if the target isn't likely to be a early-adopter and much less sure about technology .Otherwise, I really respect and love your work and it’s really a joy being able to see your progress week to week. Good luck on the product!

### B

## 002

### A

### B

I love the idea. Also, I admire your degree of execution. Truly inspiring. With that being said, I wondered what was the exact selling point of the product. Why would I use your product instead of Stripe? Is it more focused on small businesses in the real world in person? Otherwise, the landing page was well-though out and really impressive. I am looking forward to your product launch! Good luck on the product!

## 003

### A

I LOVE THE PRODUCT. I love the the product page. Your selling point is simple yet super effective. Moreover, your product has the potential to make a HUGE difference in the world, by making more people on the world healthier. Thank you for being part of the pioneer community and wish you the best on the product. Seriously, I would love to try out the product, once it is launched. Again, good luck on the product!

### B

## 004

### A

### B

This is such an awesome product. Great execution, I really admire your work. Regarding the product itself, I was wondering how you guys will beat out the competition since I can recall seeing similar products that lets you gather app information. With that being said, I thought you could refine parts of the landing page so that it would look more professional and beautiful. Good luck on the product!

## 005

### A

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Great progress. I love the idea that you are building your own newsletter/medium to a niche target audience. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I thought it would be better if you could provide an excerpt on the example newsletter article.
