# Frontier

## 001

### A

### B

Great execution, I really admire your work. I wish there was a demo of the chat-bot in the landing page. If you could get me hooked in the demo demonstrating your technology, I would definitely sign-up for the product in no time. Also, I love the fact that you are using next.js and vercel on the page. These are wonderful technologies, you've got my vote! Good luck on the product!

## 002

### A

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Great progress. I love the idea that you are building your own dedicated mobile app to a niche target audience initially. I also love the fact that you are opting for a rather minimalistic approach towards validating the idea. If you could get initial users hooked on the product, you have a HUGE potential ahead of you. Good luck on the business!

## 003

### A

### B

Great work so far! I took a look a your pitch, and was astonished by the cap table slide. Wow. I really felt the dedication towards education by the founders. That aside, the fact that you have a certain level of traction and revenue is amazing! I wish there was a demo recording on the landing page since it is hard to visualize what the actual product will feel like. A demo is always the best to showcase the product!

## 004

### A

### B

I LOVE THE PRODUCT. Your selling point is simple yet super effective. I can tell that you really love notion, the domain and design are very similar, which is a good thing! Having a familiar sense of UI/UX is always a plus for the user. It sounds like you are targeting a niche audience that notion can't cover, which is super great! Seriously, good luck on the product, I am rooting for you!

## 005

### A

### B

Wow, what a great growth! There is definitely a HUGE market for a mobile tailored shopify, especially in developing countries like India! The potential market for your product is so HUGE that it it gives me the chills just thinking about it. I could not tell much from the landing page, but a demo placement would be really great. Good luck on the product, I am rooting for you!
