# Week 30

## Quick reminder: what are you building, in a sentence?

Vercel for backend

## What did you accomplish this week? Did you do everything you planned?

### We often find the best accomplishment summaries use bullet points to list out what you have done over the past week.

🏁 GOAL: Listen to 100 users
📊 Completed first pitch and sales attempt
💅 Finished tax season chores
🌈 Completed first coaching
👤 Defined founder mission
🚀 Defined company milestones for next 3 years
💻 Researched 100+ DevOps B2B companies
🚗 Sent 30+ messages & emails

## What's the current status on your KPIs?

- Demo Dashboard Launch
  0
- Acquire Waitlist Signups
  0
- Achieve First Revenue
  $0

## What do you want to have done by the end of next week?

### Similar to above, bullet points often work best to describe your plans

🏁 GOAL: Listen to 30+ Users
📊 Complete next pitch
💅 Finish legal chores towards fundraising
🌈 Complete first draft of blog
👤 Meet and listen to 10+ people in WeWork
🚀 Send personalized cold email to 10,000 Github users
💻 InDepth research burning needs
🚗 Sent 90+ messages

## What would you like feedback on from the community?

### Optional.

What are your pain points of your development workflow in general?

## Project website

### If you have one.

https://sentrei.com

### Which of these best describes the stage of your project?

Building (pre-launch)

## KPI

- Demo Dashboard Launch / 1 / 2021/03/14
- Acquire Waitlist Signups / 300 / 2021/04/01
- Achieve First Revenue / $30 / 2021/06/01
