# Frontier

## 001

### A

You have clearly made lots of progress! I love your website, built with material design and angular. The skeleton loading UI/UX looks very awesome! I also admire the fact that you have a certain amount of traction with more than \$100k in sales. I wonder you could expand in to other countries as well, having this in Japan will be very much appreciated! (or is this a lot of work to do on your part)

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. Keep working on brushing up the idea, I am rooting for you! It is common to create a MVP (minimum viable product) to validate the idea. It may be a good idea for you to start on a simple landing page! Use a simple website builder to market your main idea for the product, and try to leave a positive feeling for users visiting your site!

## 002

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. Is it possible for you to build the application through no-code initially, or is actual coding necessary for the initial launch of the product? Otherwise, the product idea as well as the landing page is very effective in my opinion.

### B

This is a very good idea! I currently use Sendgrid & Mailchimp for email automation; however, the UI/UX is not very good. I was hoping for a dedicated service capable of handling my email workloads. Is there any way I could integrate your service into my API workflow, or is this supported at the current time? Otherwise, the landing page is very straight forward and awesome, good luck on the product!

## 003

### A

This idea is fascinating! Obviously, there is a substantial need for companies to share talented individuals among individual entities. I could see this trend becoming the norm in the near future. I completely buy your idea, but I wish I could see more of the features of the product that would showcase them in the landing page. Otherwise, fascinating process and I wish you the best to drive HR Tech forward!

### B

Love this product! Obviously, there's a lot of potential in the space of Human Resources in 2020. This product could accelerate the transition to HR Tech all over the world! Personally speaking, the HR system is seriously outdated here in Japan, and I wish there was a disruptor who could change all of it. Just one question - is there any funnel for our company to directly acquire employees through the platform?

## 004

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I've also noticed your building the website on Vercel, which is awesome! I have one question though - what is the monetization method for this particular product, a subscription based one to charge consumers to ensure their safety?

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics for more eye-candy on your page.

## 005

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I love your idea, to promote entrepreneurship through a new-kind of classroom. There is obviously a potential need for more entrepreneur-minded younger individuals to drive the human race forward. I like your progress. I've assumed you currently in the midst of the idea validation stage. Good luck so you can next move towards building the product next!

### B

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. The blogging platform is still broken in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly distributed websites tailored for individuals. Unfortunately, I could not access your landing page, so make sure the site is up! Good luck so that you can improve upon the product and keep on making it better until a potential PMF!

## 006

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS IDEA. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. There is no doubt that the current university education system is broken. I love how you've organized the landing page to showcase your idea behind the product. With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How this works" section to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

Wow. THIS IS AWESOME. There is no doubt that the wave of digitization will effect the medical industry. I once read somewhere that modern medical students are utilizing YouTube for studying real-life surgical operations. Your product could be a game-changer, in the sense that you will be able to provide high-quality, certified course material to dentists & doctors. Good luck on the product, I wish to hear good news!

## 007

### A

I am genuinely impressed by your progress, and also think that there is a large potential need for financial literacy/management apps. I think I've seen a couple finance-related apps already on the Pioneer leaderboard. Also, I wish there were more information regarding what types of advantages you have over other finance literacy teaching material. Otherwise, I am truly overwhelmed by your progress and wish the best!

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I truly feel compassionate and completely agree with your company's mission statement. Especially here in Japan, one's individual credit score is almost closed to none is he/she is an entrepreneur, regardless of the performance of the business. I wish your product could change all of it, and free entrepreneurs of unfair financial burdens.

## 008

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential, in the automation HR sector (RPA). However, the main gist of the product was a bit unclear to me. I love your progress, so I am sure you are already working on the product video, but that will definitely help for people visiting your site. Try to leave a positive feeling for users visiting your site! Otherwise, I admire your work progress and good luck!

### B

I love the idea. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. There is no doubt that there is a substantial need for a potential skill marketplace for people to level up. I also admire your progress towards improving the product. However, the overall UI/UX of the page felt a little unprofessional as a first-time visitor. Maybe spice up things a little bit for people to enjoy their time at your site!

## 009

### A

I love the main idea of the product, and I think that this sector regarding monitoring the internet is severely underrated. There should be more done to make this work automated and seamless. However, through accessing your landing page, I could not see the main gist of the product, I think streamlining the website would be helpful. Otherwise, I admire your work progress and good luck on the product!

### B

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS IDEA. WOW. THIS IS AWESOME. I could not see any downsides not signing up for the product. Maybe being transparent about what kind of processing is done behind the browser maybe somewhat useful. Is it machine learning processing or decentralized coin mining? I bet that there is a substantial market for this space, and you can make a lot of people happy through this product!

## 010

### A

I love the idea of the product. There are probably millions of people around the world missing out on the club experience during these COVID times. If there was a product that could bring up the immersive experience of the night clubs, I would certainly be up to try it out! I bet that there is a substantial market for this space, and you can make a lot of people happy through this product! Good luck!

### B

I truly admire the execution of this product. The website is fully functional with a lot of potential for the GIF market. I think GIPHY was acquired by facebook recently, and think that there is a potential need for more creative platform regarding this sector. I wish the website UI/UX was a little more professional, but otherwise you can leverage creativity out of a lot of many people through the product! Good luck!
