# Frontier

## 001

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I'm currently incorporated with Stripe Atlas, but the arrival of the EIS is very slow. Also, the ability to incorporate in all 50 states including LLCs is a game changer. This product could really could change the lives of many people all over the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product!

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. Keep working on brushing up the idea, I am rooting for you! It is common to create a MVP (minimum viable product) to validate the idea. I couldn't access parts of the site, so maybe use a simple website builder to market your main idea for the product, and try to leave a positive feeling for users visiting your site!

## 002

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I also love the material design philosophy, though I felt there could be some changes. I completely agree there is a huge potential market for subscription-based or priced videos as a marketplace. This product could really could change the lives of many people all over the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product!

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I like your progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I've looked at your landing page, and it conveys a very important message, though I couldn't see any mentions of the reusable sanitary napkin. Maybe providing a product overview will be great!

## 003

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a walk-through to demonstrate the capabilities of the product.

### B

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. I genuinely admire your progress. I remember you've been at the top of the pioneer leaderboard, which is awesome! Regarding the product itself though, I really love it! With that being said, I want to ask you how long it took for the EIN to arrive, since I've been waiting for 3 months already. Nevertheless, good luck on the product!

## 004

### A

You have clearly made lots of progress! You solve a huge problem with massive potential. There is no doubt that there is a lot more room for AI to aid healthcare. However, I wonder how you would compete with other big players in the field. I also wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How it works" video to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. I assume that the analytics field process is still done manually in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly democratized services for data analytics. I wonder how you would compete with AWS, Azure & GCP though. But otherwise, there's so much potential in 2020 for this no-code data analytics apps!

## 005

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive market potential. I like your progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact how you are showcasing the pioneer feedback on you landing page which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a walk-through to demonstrate the capabilities of the product.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the product. I've found that the landing page was a little cluttered, so opting for a more minimalistic approach for the landing page would be very awesome in my opinion! With that being said, there is so much potential for the product itself!

## 006

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics for more eye-candy on your page.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I also LOVE the fact that you are opting for a complete open-source approach towards developing the product, which is so awesome! I sincerely admire your work and progress. There is no doubt that the current email market is completely outdated and rigged. Your product could be a game-changer, I am rooting for you!

## 007

### A

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. The job onboarding platform is still broken in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for truly distributed websites tailored for individuals. Unfortunately, I could not access your landing page, so make sure the site is up! Good luck so that you can improve upon the product and keep on making it better!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I couldn't access your site through the provided domain, so make sure to check on it!

## 008

### A

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. You have clearly made lots of progress! I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! I wish the landing page was a little more polished though, in my opinion.

### B

I LOVE YOUR LANDING PAGE. It looks so professional. Also, I completely agree with the mission and vision behind the product. Obviously, there's a lot of potential for distributed gaming to help people all around the world. The onboarding and simplicity of the product could really instantly spread to people all around the world, which is SO AWESOME! Good luck on the product! I am rooting for you!

## 009

### A

Great work so far! You solve a huge problem with a lot of potential value. I assume that the researching process is still outdated in 2020, and I am confident that there is a lot of potential for services tailored for professionals at a lower cost. With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics to aid the landing page, and also a "How it works" video to improve transparency behind the product.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there were more visual aesthetics for more eye-candy on your page.

## 010

### A

Great work so far! You have a good product with a lot of potential value. I love the overall design and aesthetics of the D2C product, and the website looks really good. I wonder what is your go-to-market strategy for your product though. Good luck so that you can improve upon the product and keep on making it better! I am rooting for you! Wish you and the product the best!

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress. I've assumed you have finished the idea validation stage and is going forward towards building the MVP. I also love the fact that you are opting for a more minimalistic approach in the process of validating the idea, which is awesome! With that being said, I wish there was a "How it works" video to improve transparency behind the product.
