# Frontier

## 001

### A

### B

Great execution, I really admire your work. Thanks for being part of pioneer, it is such a joy to see your progress, since I remember your product vividly. I’ve seen your updated landing page and looked at your progress. Super amazing! I thought that a chrome extension would lack feasibility but turns I was wrong. A Feedly-like curation mobile app would be very nice, if that becomes supported, I'm officially in!

## 002

### A

### B

I love the idea. Also, I love the the product page. Your selling point is simple yet super effective. I wonder what the competition is like though. I could see some other companies pursing this space already, and gaining a little traction (same goes for me too) With that being said, I thought you could refine parts of the landing page so that it would look more professional and beautiful. Good luck on the product!

## 003

### A

I LOVE THE PRODUCT. Your selling point is simple yet super effective. Moreover, your product has the potential to make a HUGE difference in the world, by making more people have access to higher levels of education. Thank you for being part of the pioneer community and wish you the best on the product. I wonder how you are planning on monetize this though, perhaps an affordable monthly subscription?

### B

## 004

### A

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Great progress. I love the idea that you are building your own dedicated mobile app to a niche target audience. I also love the fact that you are opting for using Flutter for the development of the app, which is awesome! With that being said, I wonder why you are choosing this to pursue the product in 2020, when basically social apps are all dominated.

## 005

### A

### B

I LOVE THE PRODUCT. Your selling point is simple yet super effective. I LOVE THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE A ROI CALCULATOR ON THE LANDING PAGE. Really awesome! I also love the fact that your landing page is super responsive and well thought out. Being able to interact with values and social icons - it was definitely a delight. I'm officially hooked on the product! Good luck on the product, I’m rooting for you!
