# Frontier Week 11

## 001

### A

I GENUINELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT. I'm completely sold by the landing page! That aside, the fact that you have a certain level of traction and revenue is amazing! I would love to see the new product on the landing page, how does it differ? I would love to hear your plans for the upcoming big slack release of in-app stories to potentially replace daily standups.

### B

Great work so far! I loved the idea of your project as well. Good progress, I love how you are using figma to showcase the work. Would love to hear more! The animated landing page looks awesome as well! I would want to hear how you would monetize this, perhaps a premium subscription for core users! Anyhow, looks awesome, post on the frontier forum when it's launched!

## 002

### A

You solve a huge problem with massive potential. As a developer myself, I feel like there is a lot of boilerplate code that should be eliminated in the coming future. I like your progress. I would like a product demo on the landing page, not just the features in text. Visualizing the product will be much more convincing! Good luck on the product!

### B

You solve a huge problem with huge potential. I like your progress. The main idea and mission of the app is super awesome! I've looked at your landing page, and it conveys a very important message, very inspirational! However, I would argue the how you are willing to onboard users to keep on using the product, seems there could be some work there, since I could imagine not using the app after a while.

## 003

### A
